and that to him at all and try the moment
fateful has finally arrived finally I want
say which with another way earlier
and then because if you look
behind us the walls of minecraft
here are the walls of minecraft mons to
to run out and it is 17h and lamine koné
officially ended there are good so
we did a little bit of overtime
well we're doing some forcing to do our
last video but hey it's just
announce that it's a weekend that
was emotionally charged I hope that
it was for you too
interviews today there are kraft
fantasy studio and bob who will not arrive
in the evening so they are already
surely online when you see the
video is behind us there is also fire
uk we will try to interview them
it's still not it's not yet
won but there is an ounce of hope and we
hope it's going to be done that will make two
English speakers for this series 2 to michael
and I find it very well especially seen
English speakers there are also others
possibilities maybe but we do not dare
not even tell you about it so we're
sorry we had planned we are expected well
more than youtube french hours we did not
could not go dramatic
there have already been de facto interviews at
lyon the hard right fate stay tune in
mind claude fischer and then you will see
well
and finally thank you all for
have followed us on the twitter as
elsewhere and then watan
here are currencies so I was
especially to manage with our colleague
above and antoine over there from antoine
besides, but I'm very young
antoine antoine so we were all there
the camera
well it went pretty well for them
report here we are a cameraman
official and then so hey you
thanks again and then we will
see you soon for a next maicon
or for the next videos so go
Hi everybody